
  Michael's Disk Benchmark
   for Windows 95 (MDB95)
            v1.02

  (c) Copyright 1995 by
  Michael Schoebel Software-Design (MSSD)

----------

LEGAL DISCLAIMER

The Product and Documentation are provided "as is" without warranty of any
kind. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, MSSD further
disclaims all implied warranties including without limitation any implied
warranties of merchantablity or of fitness for a particular purpose. The
entire risk arising out of the use or performance of the PRODUCT and
documentation remains with you.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall MSSD be
liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for
loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information
or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the
PRODUCT or documentation, even if MSSD has been advised of the possibillity
of such damages. Because some States/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above
limitation may not apply to you.

----------

MDB95 is easy to use. Simply start MDB95.EXE. From then on the program
explains itself.

----------

MDB95 is Shareware. You are free to use it for a trial period of up to
30 days. If you want to use MDB95 after this time, you need to register it.
Registration fee for MDB95 is 10 US dollars.

Registration can be done via CompuServe. In DosCIM or WinCIM select
Services|Go and enter SWREG. After that simply follow the menus. The
Registration ID for MDB95 is 6483.

You can also send the $10 in bank notes (No coins! No cheques!) to the
address below via ordinary mail.

  Michael Schoebel
  Zur Freiheit 61
  45772 Marl/Germany

If you are a German resident you can send DM10,- instead of $10.

----------

Getting support:

If you have any questions about MDB95, please send CompuServe email to
"Michael Schoebel 100121,1501".

----------

Windows 95 is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corp.; CompuServe is a
registered trademark of CompuServe Inc., a H&R Block Company
